Create gui for user.
Gui should have multiple parts.
Should be able to have multiple user profiles
Should be able to create hotstrings
Should be ablt to create hotkeys for specific websites and such

Part 1 Keyboard layers
Since some keys also have modifiers, make it possible to see for normal keys, and then keys which have modifiers
The user should be able to choose between 3 layers.
The primary layer - the normal keyboard of the user
The secondary layer - a second keyboard which can be switched to with the press of a button
The tertiary layer - a third keyboard which can be switched to with the press of a button

The logic for all these layers should be the same:
    - a user interface which the user interacts with, perhaps it could show a virtual keyboard with the available keys
    - the virtual keyboard has its issues, 

!!!!!!
THE PLAN:
!!!!!!

The user should be able to create multiple profiles, including profiles for certain apps or games.

Perhaps by default the keyboards should not be assigned to anything new, and there is a "presets" button which the user can choose to have the same keyboard layouts as the ones i have created

3 buttons for each keyboard.
In this situation the user presses the button for the primary layer.
This creates a virtual keyboard, like the one razer creates.
This means the keys which have been remapped are green, and normal ones white or black or something.
the virtual keyboard knows which keys should have a color because of the ini file, the ini file should maybe be looked through to see which keys should have color.
Also, in addition to the virtual keyboard, there should be a button to press to show all keybinds in a list format.

If the user wants to change a key bind, the click the key they want to change.
This could open a side menu, or the side menu might already be there.
This side menu should have multiple possibilites, 
- create macro
- set new key (which the user would give by holding the modifiers they want and then pressing a button, or maybe just a modifier if they want that)
- Choose new functionality
    - if this is pressed the user should be sent to a new section, or a section in the side bar expands.
    Afterwards the user can choose a category or something, and then choose a functionality from that category which they want the key to excecute.

All of these actions should change the ini file, and the virtual keyboard should be updated accordingly.


Part 2 Changing settings of class objects
this should directly update the objects already created, not create new ones.
this means parameter validation is extremely important.

There should be a section for keyboards, and a section for settings.
going to the settings section should show all classes which might need can be changed
